[DLSPS] Change minio to seaweedFS (#1656)
open-edge-platform/edge-ai-libraries: microservices/dlstreamer-pipeline-server/docs/user-guide/how-to-store-s3-frame.md

1. Modify environment variables in `[WORKDIR]/edge-ai-libraries/microservices/dlstreamer-pipeline-server/docker/.env` file.
    - Provide the S3 storage server details and credentials.

        ```sh
        S3_STORAGE_HOST=seaweedfs-s3
        S3_STORAGE_PORT=8333
        S3_STORAGE_USER=suser
        S3_STORAGE_PASS=spass
        ```
        **Note**: SeaweedFS S3 gateway API is mapped to port 8888 externally (internal port 8333) to avoid conflict with DL Streamer Pipeline Server (which uses port 8080).
    - For metadata publishing, we would be using MQTT. To enable it, we need to add the host and port details of MQTT broker in `.env` file mentioned above.
        ```sh
        MQTT_HOST=<MQTT_BROKER_IP_ADDRESS>
        MQTT_PORT=1883
        ```
        **Note** the default compose file from DL Streamer Pipeline Server provides an MQTT broker already. If you already have a broker running, only the host and port details are to be added to the environment variables.

2. Add SeaweedFS services to the docker compose yml.

>     - Modify the docker-compose.yml file with the following changes. Add `seaweedfs-master`, `seaweedfs-volume`, `seaweedfs-filer` and `seaweedfs-s3` services under `services` section. Modify the values as per your requirements. The credentials are fetched from `.env` file updated in the previous step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Add SeaweedFS services to the docker compose yml.
    - Update the docker-compose.yml file by adding `seaweedfs-master`, `seaweedfs-volume`, `seaweedfs-filer` and `seaweedfs-s3` under `services` section. Adjust the values to suit your setup. Credentials are loaded from the `.env` file updated in the previous step.
```
